Uups support for the upgradable plugin (#533)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/api/hardhat/hardhat-zksync-upgradable.md

::: warning Overview
- This plugin is still in alpha.

> - The plugin supports transparent upgradable proxies, uups proxies and beacon proxies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The plugin supports transparent upgradable proxies, uups proxies, and beacon proxies.
```

```typescript
  const contractName = 'Box';
  const contract = await deployer.loadArtifact(contractName);

>   await hre.zkUpgrades.deployProxy(deployer.zkWallet, contract, [42], { initializer: 'initialize' });

Reviewer 2: is this an API change from our side?

Reviewer 2: ohh I didn't realised this was the method from the contract. Thanks for the info

  ...
```

## UUPS proxies

:::warning

> - If you want to use plugin's uups proxies functionalities, you need to use zksolc version >=1.3.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to use plugin's uups proxies functionalities, you need to use zksolc version >=1.3.9.
```

:::

> The UUPS proxy pattern is similar to the transparent proxy pattern, but with the difference that the upgrade is triggered via the logic contract instead from the proxy contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UUPS proxy pattern is similar to the transparent proxy pattern, except that the upgrade is triggered via the logic contract instead of from the proxy contract.
```

> For the UUPS deployment example, we will use a sligthly modified smart contract called `BoxUups`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the UUPS deployment example, we use a slightly modified smart contract called `BoxUups`. 
```

```typescript

// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.16;
import '@openzeppelin/contracts-upgradeable/proxy/utils/Initializable.sol';
import '@openzeppelin/contracts-upgradeable/proxy/utils/UUPSUpgradeable.sol';
import '@openzeppelin/contracts-upgradeable/access/OwnableUpgradeable.sol';

contract BoxUups is Initializable, {
    uint256 private value;
    uint256 private secondValue;
    uint256 private thirdValue;

    function initialize(uint256 initValue) public initializer {
        value = initValue;
        __Ownable_init();
        __UUPSUpgradeable_init();
    }

    // Reads the last stored value
    function retrieve() public view returns (uint256) {
        return value;
    }

    // Stores a new value in the contract
    function store(uint256 newValue) public {
        value = newValue;
        emit ValueChanged(newValue);
    }

    function _authorizeUpgrade(address) internal override onlyOwner {}

    // Emitted when the stored value changes
    event ValueChanged(uint256 newValue);
}
```

> The main difference between `Box` and `BoxUups` contracts is that the latter one implements both `UUPSUpgradeable` and `OwnableUpgradeable` interfaces and has a special function `_authorizeUpgrade` which can be called only by the owner of the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main difference between the `Box` and `BoxUups` contracts is that the latter implements both `UUPSUpgradeable` and `OwnableUpgradeable` interfaces and has a special function `_authorizeUpgrade` which can only be called by the contract owner.
```

> You can find more info about how UUPS works in the [openzeppelin's documentation](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/proxy#transparent-vs-uups).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more info about how UUPS works in [OpenZeppelin's documentation.](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/proxy#transparent-vs-uups)
```

> To deploy the UUPS contract you can use the same script as in the transparent upgradable proxy's case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the UUPS contract, use the same script as for the transparent upgradable proxy:
```

```typescript
async function main() {
    const contractName = 'BoxUups';
    console.info(chalk.yellow('Deploying ' + contractName + '...'));

    // mnemonic for local node rich wallet
    const testMnemonic = 'stuff slice staff easily soup parent arm payment cotton trade scatter struggle';
    const zkWallet = Wallet.fromMnemonic(testMnemonic, "m/44'/60'/0'/0/0");
    ...
```

> When you run the script, the plugin will detect that the proxy kind is UUPS, it will execute the deploy and save the deployment info in your manifest file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run the script, the plugin detects that the proxy type is UUPS, it executes the deployment, and saves the deployment info in your manifest file.
```

- The artifact containing the new `Box2` implementation.

## Upgrade UUPS proxy

> Similar to the deployment scirpt, there are no modifications needed to upgrade the implementation of the UUPS contract, compared to the upgrading tranparent upgradable contract. The only difference is that we will use the `BoxUupsV2` as a new implementation contract: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to the deployment script, there are no modifications needed to upgrade the implementation of the UUPS contract, compared to the upgrading tranparent upgradable contract. The only difference is that we will use the `BoxUupsV2` as a new implementation contract: 
```
